Agent authentication update (#33)
PieterKas/agent2agent-auth-framework: draft-klr-aiagent-auth.md

WPTs are designed to work alongside WITs {{WIMSE_CRED}} and are typically short-lived to reduce the window for replay attacks.  They carry claims such as audience (aud), expiration (exp), a unique token identifier (jti), and a hash of the associated WIT (wth). A WPT may also include hashes of other related tokens (e.g., OAuth access tokens) to bind the authentication contexts to specific transaction or authorizations details.

Although the draft currently defines a protocol binding for HTTP (via a Workload-Proof-Token header), the core format is protocol-agnostic, making it applicable to other protocols. Its JWT structure and claims model allow WPTs to be bound to different protocols and transports, including asynchronous or non-HTTP messaging systems such as Kafka and gRPC, or other future protocol bindings. This design enables relying parties to verify identity, key possession, and message binding at the application layer even in environments where transport-layer identity (e.g., mutual TLS) is insufficient or unavailable.

### HTTP Message Signatures

> The WIMSE Workload-to-Workload Authentication with HTTP Signatures specification {{!WIMSE-HTTPSIG=I-D.ietf-wimse-http-signature}} defines an application-layer authentication profile built on the HTTP Message Signatures standard {{!HTTP-SIG=RFC9421}}. It is one of the mechanisms WIMSE defines for authenticating workloads in HTTP-based interactions where transport-layer protections may be insufficient or unavailable. The protocol combines a workload's Workload Identity Token (WIT), which conveys attested identity and binds a public key, with HTTP Message Signatures using the corresponding private key, thereby providing proof of possession and message integrity for individual HTTP requests and responses. This approach ensures end-to-end authentication and integrity even when traffic traverses intermediaries such as TLS proxies or load balancers that break transport-layer identity continuity. The profile mandates signing of key request components (e.g., method, target, content digest, and the WIT itself) and supports optional response signing to ensure full protection of workload-to-workload exchanges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The WIMSE Workload-to-Workload Authentication with HTTP Signatures specification {{!WIMSE-HTTPSIG=I-D.ietf-wimse-http-signature}} defines an application-layer authentication profile built on the HTTP Message Signatures standard {{!HTTP-SIG=RFC9421}}. It is one of the mechanisms WIMSE defines for authenticating workloads in HTTP-based interactions where transport-layer protections may be insufficient or unavailable. The protocol combines a workload's Workload Identity Token (WIT) (which binds the agent's identity to a public key) with HTTP Message Signatures (using the corresponding private key), thereby providing proof of possession and message integrity for individual HTTP requests and responses. This approach ensures end-to-end authentication and integrity even when traffic traverses intermediaries such as TLS proxies or load balancers that break transport-layer identity continuity. The profile mandates signing of critical request components (e.g., method, target, content digest, and the WIT itself) and supports optional response signing to ensure full protection of workload-to-workload exchanges.
```
